[Serve] Implement ServeHandle refactoring (#10527)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced.rst

            Middleware(
                CORSMiddleware, allow_origins=["*"], allow_methods=["*"])
        ])

.. _serve-handle-explainer:

> How does ``ServeHandle`` and ``ServeRequest`` work?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do ``ServeHandle`` and ``ServeRequest`` work?
```

---------------------------------------------------

Ray Serve enables you to query models both from HTTP and Python. This feature
enables seamless :ref:`model composition<serve-model-composition>`. You can
get a ``ServeHandle`` corresponding to an ``endpoint``, similar how you can
reach an endpoint through HTTP via a specific route. When you issue a request

> to an endpoint through ``ServeHandle``, the request go through the same code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to an endpoint through ``ServeHandle``, the request goes through the same code
```

> path as the HTTP request would go through: choosing backends through :ref:`traffic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
path as an HTTP request would: choosing backends through :ref:`traffic
```

> policies <serve-split-traffic>`, finding the next available replicas, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
policies <serve-split-traffic>`, finding the next available replica, and
```

> participate in micro-batching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
batching requests together.
```

> When the request arrives in the model, you can access the data similar to the way
> you would with HTTP request. Here are some examples how ServeRequest mirrors Flask.Request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the request arrives in the model, you can access the data similarly to how
you would with HTTP request. Here are some examples how ServeRequest mirrors Flask.Request:
```

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - HTTP
     - ServeHandle
     - | Request
       | (Flask.Request and ServeRequest)
   * - ``requests.get(..., headers={...})``
     - ``handle.options(http_headers={...})``
     - ``request.headers``
   * - ``requests.post(...)``
     - ``handle.options(http_method="POST")``
     - ``requests.method``
   * - ``request.get(..., json={...})``
     - ``handle.remote({...})``
     - ``request.json``
   * - ``request.get(..., form={...})``
     - ``handle.remote({...})``
     - ``request.form``
   * - ``request.get(..., params={"a":"b"})``
     - ``handle.remote(a="b")``
     - ``request.args``
   * - ``request.get(..., data="long string")``
     - ``request.remote("long string")``
     - ``request.data``
   * - ``N/A``
     - ``request.remote(python_object)``
     - ``request.data``

.. note::

>     You might noticed the last row of the table shows that ServeRequest supports
>     Python object pass through the handle. This is not possible in HTTP. If you
>     need to distinguish the origin of the request, you can do an ``isinstance``
>     check:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You might have noticed that the last row of the table shows that ServeRequest supports
    Python object pass through the handle. This is not possible in HTTP. If you
    need to distinguish if the origin of the request is from Python or HTTP, you can do an ``isinstance``
    check:
```

    .. code-block:: python

        import flask

        if isinstance(request, flask.Request):
            print("Request coming from web!")

>         else:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        elif isinstance(request, ServeRequest):
```
